Clarify linking the recipe into the rest of CSET (#615)
MetOffice/CSET: docs/source/usage/add-diagnostic.rst

workflow. This is a useful step for testing new operators or recipes during
development.

> Now we are linking the ``src/CSET/recipes/<new_recipe_name.yml>`` into the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we are linking the ``src/CSET/recipes/<new_recipe_name.yml>`` into
the cset command line program.
```
This section adds the recipe into the command line (`cset bake`, `cset cookbook`); it is the following section that adds it to the workflow.
